so what's going on y'all what the fuck
five seconds out the damn starting gate
you see motherfuckers tryin to shoot
rockets at us
but what's goin on y'all let's toss I
got some battlefield 3 team deathmatch
for you on I think this is the Dhamma
bond peak map and I'm using the FAMAS
this is the gun everybody and they mama
told me to use but I come around the
corner shoot one motherfucking there's
like 200 more waiting for me but rest
assure I will go back over to that same
area and go give me some kills I see
this guy jumping out and get some
revenge on his ass
this gun is pretty damn good I hand it
to people who were telling me about it I
can't get my ass over the damn wall
though lucky this the asshole didn't you
shoot him in the ass cheek go get this
motherfuckers dog tag says he likes
shooting fucking rockets at people for
no damn reason ha ha don't tear me up
he'll tear me up I'm running the weight
stop tearing me up I'm running the
weight dad just had just took him out oh
god if I would have killed him that
would have been the best thing in the
world look at him they've been swiping
his knife with the victory swipe get the
fuck out of here go kill your ass but if
I would have killed his ass I would have
been the best Juke out of all time we'll
go back over there get his punk ass I
don't believe I I took this shit out of
him though you all right man you look
like you're having trouble killing this
motherfucker let me finish him off for
you watch your back watch your back fuck
fuck fuck I was reloading I seen his ass
but that's just bad positioning by both
me and my teammate actually I should
have been able to take him out if I was
a fucking real Oh what are you doing all
the way up there what the fuck are you
gonna gain respect by let me see one
second look at them 0n0 that's what you
fuckin get when you win the back of the
fucking map snipe and I don't know why
why people continue to play this game
like this he's been out for a while just
get this shit out of me brother you
scared the fucking you get the shit out
of me
get down get down get down Oh God people
this is too much how many people this
guy was in that damn building peeking
out the window like a little ass so let
me go back and open and get him but I
don't know how long this game has to be
up before people realize that sniping in
the Hills I mean that's the real way to
snipe but stepping in the Hills is not
gonna make you win the game so there's
been eight at this motherfucker hiding
in there shoot at that motherfucker over
there get down get my pistol cause you
know he's coming at me where did he go
did I get in with the grenade where did
it go God people are just tearing up did
you get him he's not in there cuz my
teammates in there he hasn't died my
damn a teammate just died over there
I'll get talk good talk ah check the hip
fire that shit daddy get one bullet on
that dude ones your who you French a
little bastard I don't have anything
that's French people don't get started
with bullshit in the video or in the
comments sir but I am gonna make fun of
his name cuz it's a French poofy name
moans you're he's still up in the mound
there huh no way that says I don't give
a fuck really but so we got some guy
coming around the corner see you on the
map
oh I know your ass is just about dead no
no Rene god dammit god dammit come on a
famas service star that's right team
makeover they're helping me out make
sure I don't die cuz I was just about
dead I almost ran faced person to
motherfucking grenade hey there's some
shit tear them up tell him up good good
kill good kill this shit
need some help yeah hold that for me
real quick get him ease up there go get
his ass don't grenades I saw somebody
sleeping it damn it's too many of them
over there's 100 those guys over there
thought I saw somebody sneaking off to
my left hand side out of my peripheral
vision and yeah sure did sees the last
hugging the wall say please please don't
kill me please but a boy spec fart
finally got off the damn mountain to
come get himself some I'm gonna go back
over to the same place where these
motherfuckers was that and then I'm
getting so paranoid playing this game
lazy
usually I'm able to tell the difference
two enemies and my damn teammates but
now I don't know I'm shooting them damn
teammates Jeunet everybody that moves
yes that's a good strategy the fuck are
you looking at motherfucker you ain't
see me over here let stop flashing that
damn light in my eye what your mama tell
you about points sure the people god
Juke and duck doesn't you I don't even
see where he's at really I really need
to see where he was that it was a
shooting at the center of the damn light
I hope they fucking patch that damn
flashlight oh but you can't patch me
can't patch me I killed your ass fool
you don't see the doubt on the map man
are you come looking at the team guy I'm
shooting there come get this guy on the
map why can't I get past this
motherfucking barrier we got these
asshole spotter cuz I'm gonna throw one
shot this place guy he has a
motherfucking shot good shot guns do do
damage in this game and that guy just
got told the fuck up believe he will
he's gonna feel light in the morning
how the fuck like I understand every
time my spawn in one of those huts it
takes me about a good 10 seconds to
realize how the fuck to get out shoot
that guy after he kills my damn teammate
revenge for your ass fool we got a guy
that was shooting up behind me
goddamn too many people shooting up
behind me look at this little bitch tree
mix blend kind of retarded ass I'm a
ghost how the fuck do I get up there you
know he's gonna still be up there all I
gotta do is figure out a way to get my
ass up there oh no I don't know how to
fucking good of them just go about my
business I'll let him sit well not you
you gonna die
Oh tear it up from behind tearing out
from behind who's tearing me up too many
people Oh God where's yet on top of this
loop Oh revenge motherfucker you
shouldn't shout at me you need your ass
and suppress it because you were bum and
so are you push your teammate coming out
of nowhere trying to help out good shit
good shit
Oh God there's another guy back here he
just killed my team man let's go get
some revenge on his funky ass goddamn
grenades going off all over the place
people hollering goddamn I tell you man
I thought he was a teammate thought he
was an enemy didn't know what to do shot
first you always guess she Steve look at
me shoot a damn teammate shooting
enemies motherfucker trying to come get
my tags girl's ass get his ass girls ass
good shit psycho kid took about two
seconds too damn late but you got his
ask me redeploy I don't mean to change
anything up let's go back over there
because you know that's where they come
from I cockroaches that you know they
runnin around and the damn light in the
darkness let's go get their ass
motherfuckers down here fuck oh goodness
I don't know about that I hit the aim
had me all the way off to the left hand
side I thought it was right on target
but apparently I wasn't it was grenade
over this damn wall before I go out I
can't start tearing up nope fuck out of
here oh good kills good kill teammate
good kill
you got it fuck I'm reloading man I
can't cover me Dan go get me oh god the
grenade almost got me but this
motherfucker with the m16 did that was a
stupid idea for me I shouldn't have
jumped over the wall I should just
backed up but my hard headed ass I only
know one direction and that's forward
gets me killed a lot but it is what it
is it also allows me to get a lot of
kills cuz I'm not in the back hiding
like a bitch what are you doing mr.
Rocket Man what do you motherfuckers
doing huh that just kill four people in
a row god damn it
you got one mile here man check your
maps how people not see this check your
fucking maps look at your mini-map god
dammit we got one more out here oh can I
get your dog tags can you it's gonna be
a Merry Christmas foamy your
motherfucker
Merry Christmas yeah a tree mix blend I
remember you killing me before so I got
some revenge on you that way I'm gonna
get your dog tags meat Oh dog tags
motherfucker and your ass is next you
running off that way
goddamn games over I think it just died
but that was a quick little quick little
team deathmatch right there let's see
what we did 31 and 11 goddamn hope you
enjoyed this video if he did show some
love and I'll see y'all in the next one